Ahhhh hahaha
No no no
If you want to blame someone for leaving, blame yourself, this ignorant girl.
Mayfair
I'm your dad.
You want to kill me
You ungrateful wolf
I knew you were like this.
I knocked you out at the beginning.
No no
If you were one second later
Your father's right hand is gone.
Fei'er, just listen to Mr. Liu.
I beg you
How is it, Miss Li?
Please think about it.
My patience is limited.
Mayfair
His target was you.
And this kind of person is not worth sacrificing for
What nonsense are you talking about?
Without Laozi, there would be no him.
It's only right that he should die for me.
You shut up
But he is my dad after all.
good
I'll take care of it for you.
Boy, I advise you to stop meddling in other people's business.
You can't mess with our group.
I'll take care of Li Fei'er's affairs today.